INTRO

JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: That's what she said.

JAKE: Not how that joke works.

AMIR: EHH.

*****

[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir's shirt is pushed up past his nipples.]

AMIR: So the beeper is just slidin’ down my thigh and I'm still facing, remember that direction, due north? Guess what, I was lying, it was due south. How's that for a mind fudge? So I start-

JAKE: Hey, hey. I just got this email that you sent to the entire company, and um, nobody's gonna believe you’re dong a triathlon for charity.

AMIR: [In a New York accent] Ooh, this kitten's got claws.

JAKE: Right, so they're not gonna donate any money to you.

AMIR: [Amir makes cat noises while clawing at the air and chuckling slightly to himself] Why not?

JAKE: For starters, you began the email by saying "Dear suckers."

AMIR: Yeah, as in "deer suckers." Like little opossums.

JAKE: That makes even less sense than I originally thought. Secondly, triathlons are running, swimming, and biking, not drinking, fucking, and stealing y'all's cash.

AMIR: Cash money, aint nothing funny'.

JAKE: That's not a response to what I just said.

AMIR: Fo' sho!

JAKE: And look, even if they get past the beginning of this email, the next part is a picture of you in a jewelry store holding a diamond watch with the caption "I want dis."

AMIR: You don't understand man, I want dis.

JAKE: That's the only thing I understand.

AMIR: Okay, if you don't want to make the donation, just put in like a hundred and fifty dollars, and then click send, and when it goes "are you sure you want to make the donation?" click on no! If it's that hard, I'll do it-I'll click on it.

JAKE: I just got your follow-up email, "it's come to my attention that you guys think this is a bogus goof. I legit want slash need dis watch.” Blew your cover there, then three follow-up emails that say “please disregard, please disregard, please disregard.” One more though, it’s just one sentence long, it says “Come on douches, help out the cause,” and it’s a photoshopped pictured of you shitting on Bill Cosby.

AMIR: [Amir does a bad Bill Cosby impression.] That was a Jell-O pudding snack!

JAKE: That was a Jell-O pudding snack? Okay, it’s kinda weird though, that you have a legit picture of you taking a shit.

AMIR: [Getting more unintelligible as he continues the impression.] Yeah, the Cos’ loves his Jell-O puddin’ sweaters.
JAKE: Final email, “please recall all emails, somebody’s being a bitch,” and it’s a photoshopped picture of Bill Cosby, shitting on me, which is extra weird because you somehow got a photo of Bill Cosby taking a shit?

AMIR: The Cos’ has to poop eventually, sir, and it’s just about finding the right vantage-

JAKE: How are you so fast at photoshop?

AMIR: Uhh, it’s all about doing it real crudely and quickly.

JAKE: Not very crude, they’re fine lines.

AMIR: The trick is to make it look like it’s very good but it’s actually not that good.

JAKE: You gotta stop it with that impression, right?

AMIR: [Amir ends his impression.] Yeah, well at least I don’t spit when I talk.

JAKE: Do I do that?

AMIR: No. And for that I am thankful. Namaste.

JAKE: One last thing, alright? One final thing, your shirt is up around your nipples, pull it all the way down when you put in on, alright? You get it over your head, your arms are through the holes, that’s good, put it all the way down.

AMIR: [Amir halfheartedly tugs at his shirt.]

JAKE: It’s not--it’s still--it’s halfway!

*****

END
